Update docs (landing page etc) (#48189)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/index.md

ms.topic: overview
#Customer intent: As a .NET Core developer I want to find the best tools to help me diagnose problems so that I can be productive.
---

> # Diagnostics in .NET Core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Diagnostics in .NET
```

> Software doesn't always behave as you would expect, but .NET Core has tools and APIs that will help you diagnose these issues quickly and effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software doesn't always behave as you would expect, but .NET has tools and APIs that will help you diagnose these issues quickly and effectively.
```

### Measure performance using EventCounters

[Tutorial: Measure performance using EventCounters in .NET](event-counter-perf.md) shows you how to use the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventCounter> API to measure performance in your .NET app.

### Write your own diagnostic tool

> [The diagnostics client library](diagnostics-client-library.md) lets you write your own custom diagnostic tool best suited for your diagnostic scenario. Look up information in the [Microsoft.Diagnostics.NETCore.Client API reference](microsoft-diagnostics-netcore-client.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The diagnostics client library](diagnostics-client-library.md) lets you write your own custom diagnostic tool best suited for your diagnostic scenario. For more information, see the [Microsoft.Diagnostics.NETCore.Client API reference](microsoft-diagnostics-netcore-client.md).
```
